So next we need to display a selected state for
the mood. So we have this kind of bluish
background and we need to copy the color for this
background. So let's do style equals styles dot mood
items and mood item. We'll give this a background
color. Oh this let me just check what I
did. Okay So we'll do height and width of
60. Mhm. Now we want to make it
a circle so we'll do a border radius of 30
. So if you're bored radius is doubled the width
or the height, then it makes it a circle
. And let's center the content using justify content center
. Mhm. And align items center. And let's
add a border color of white and Mhm. For
the with two. Cool. So now we only
want to show this style for the selected item.
So let's do like moved item for the default styles
. And also if the selected mood dot emerge e
. Equals option adult emoji. Then we also apply
styles dot selected. Otherwise we do nothing styles dot
selected mood item and we add a selective mood item
style here and we copy the background color so we
want all of them to be space the same way
. But we want only the selected one to have
background color. Okay And also the border color and
the border. Cool. So now only the items
that we actually select are highlighted. And finally we
also want to display the text underneath. So let's
wrap this in a view and use a text.
Yeah, that's two option. Description. Alright.
And then let's only display it for the selected items
. So if if option dot emoji equals selected mood
. I thought the movie then we display the description
otherwise on the fight. Now we need to add
a style to this. So a stew style styles
dot emoji description text. Let's create a style cold
description text and we'll use the scale Asus to color
so the same color as the background and we'll do
fun to wait fold text align center. Let's reduce
the font size. So let's do fun size 10
so now we can select these options and they actually
become highlighted when we select them. Next up let's
do some styling. So um one of the down
spot, one of the pros and the cons of
styling in react native is that we use in line
styles because we used in lifestyles, we can't do
things that we wouldn't CSS where we create global class
names are kind of reusable styles. So what I
usually do is create a theme file and then in
the steam file I would put all the the all
the constants that could be shared throughout europe. So
in a source directory, let's create a new file
and let's call it theme dot T. S.
And in here I'm going to just copy the two
color constants that were already using. So usually if
you if you were using this on a real app
, you would also add things like fonts or spacing
in here as far as the colors. So my
convention actually where I like to use that if I
use it for spacing I would do things like space
10 for 10 and then space 12 for 12 et
cetera. And this is quite handy because you'll know
exactly all the spaces that are used throughout your application
. And also Using like the number point number represents
the number in the name, ensures that you won't
have things like oh this was medium and then this
is large and then if you get 11 you have
to call it medium large but we're just going to
be using it for colors for now. Now next
time you want to do is basically create this layout
where you have a box around your emoji, you
have a prompt text to ask you to select an
emergency and there's a choose button that doesn't actually do
anything at the moment but we're just going to start
like this, is it better to use margin or
a reusable space or components? It it depends I
think in a lot of places like margin makes more
sense. Like for example like spacing around this,
margin would make more sense. But for example if
you're if you add spacing like horizontally between elements,
actually spacing component is super nice because it keeps your
Js extra clean um because because basically you'll know exactly
where the spacing is, you don't have to worry
about Oh was it bottom spacing or top spacing?
Um Yeah, I used the space of component.
Alright, so for styling, we're going to create
this little box that has a prompt for how are
you right now and a button to choose the emerging
. So for a challenge, try to implement this
just using a design. So I'm going to use
the checkpoint to copy the whole file. Yeah.
Perfect.